# Abount Founding Investment Plan

**Mail to : AAEXVIP@yandex.com**

AAEX is a decentralized service platform that supports various financial product transactions based on multiple major public chains and major ecological chains, including currency-to-currency matching transactions, contract leverage transactions, NFT transactions, digital debt transactions, fund pool exchange, and lending etc. AAEX hopes to create an on-chain transaction platform that is controlled by users themselves and is based on non-trust, fair, open, and not under the jurisdiction of central institutions. AAEX is the governance currency of the entire platform.
- AAEXMatch  
AAEXMatch is the first core project of AAEX. It is an on-chain matching currency trading platform based on the order book. AAEXMatch proposes that the rights and interests of the trading pair should belong to all trading users of the corresponding trading pair, and have the right to vote on the relevant rules of the trading pair vote.  
AAEXMatch supports matching transactions between any two tokens issued based on the public chain, and will realize transactions between different public chain tokens through cross-chain technology. The trading pair contract is automatically created by the factory contract. AAEXMatch is based on pure smart contract matching, and uses "dynamically balanced binary stack" technology to effectively control the complexity, so that when there are a large number of buying and selling orders, trading users will not have a huge amount of GAS. Using price-touch matching, the user experience is very similar to traditional CEX. AAEXMatch allows users to select market and limit orders when placing orders, and supports Maker and Taker transactions.  
Each trading pair will automatically generate the corresponding equity certificate EP, and the user will obtain a certain amount of EP through the transaction. EP holders will receive trading pair handling fee dividends and are eligible to participate in trading pair voting. AAEX encourages new transactions, and the EP generated by previous transactions will be periodically reduced, but the reduction does not affect the user's early dividend benefits.  
AAEXMatch does not require users to perform recharge and withdrawal operations, which will help users to ensure the security of assets and enhance user experience. The matching efficiency of AAEX depends on the block generation time of the corresponding public chain. The order placed by the user will immediately enter the corresponding trading pair contract. If a price touch occurs, it will be matched and traded in the current block.  
The commission rate of the AAEXMatch trading pair is determined by the voting of the EP holders. The minimum can be set to 0 and the maximum is 10%. In the early days, the commission rate was configured by the creating user when creating the transaction pair. This setting will support the currency project party to handle it flexibly according to its actual situation.  
Users will burn a certain amount of governance coins when creating trading pairs to prevent possible resource damage to AAEXMatch caused by malicious actors. The trading pair will obtain survival time by burning rent, and any user can pay rent to the trading pair to ensure its normal operation. For trading pairs that are relatively active, they will be supported by policies such as rent reductions, rebates, and incentives. These policies are all implemented automatically by the decentralization of smart contracts, without any centralized processing such as audits.  
AAEX's other projects will continue to be launched.  

## AAEX founding investor recruitment plan  
We welcome partners with the same value identity to participate in the launch of AAEX. These founding investments will quickly and effectively promote the development of AAEX. The AAEX platform will issue 100 billion AAEX governance coins, which will be distributed as follows:  
- 5%, 5 billion pieces, founding investor
- 15%, 15 billion pieces, technical and operation team
- 50%, 50 billion, early investors, will be for investment institutions and industry investors with community resources
- 30%, 30 billion, the community liquidity fund, which will provide airdrop rewards to users who donate liquidity vouchers
All AAEX governance coins are planned to be released to everyone in the early stage, and a limited amount of locked positions will be released based on the need for stable market value. AAEX governance coins have no plans to issue additional, and will be burned in various AAEX projects, and eventually AAEX will be deflated to 1 billion.  

We can absorb up to 10 founding investors, and the founding investors will receive AAEX governance coins. These governance coins will be locked for 6 months, and released monthly in 10 months after the lockup period.  
In this founding investor recruitment plan, we will restrict being included on any trade or economic sanctions list (such as the United Nations Security Council sanctions list), being designated by OFAC (U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control) as a "specially designated national", or Participants or institutions included in the US Department of Commerce's "Rejected Transaction List". The funds you invest must have a legal source and have completed the tax review (if any) and other procedures of the country where you are located.  
If you are interested in investing, you can send a letter of intent to invest in an email to **aaexvip@yandex.com**, and provide the following key information:  
*- Name of investor or institution:*  
*- Country or region:*  
*- Telegram account:*  
*- Proposed investment amount (USD):*  
*- Industry introduction: introduce the investor’s industry and main resources*  
*- Briefly describe the outlook for AAEX:*  
After receiving your email, our staff will reply as soon as possible. You can register and pay for the investment according to the content of the email.  


AAEX Team
